Added hint detail in the introduction to TLS doc detailing switch to ALNP as default implementation. Fixes #2087. (#2128)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/transport-security.md

Fluent Bit provides integrated support for Transport Layer Security (TLS) and its predecessor Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This section refers only to TLS for both implementations.

{% hint style="info" %}

> The release of Fluent Bit v4.1.0 introduced the replacement of Next Protocol Negotiation (NPN) with Application Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) as its implementation for TLS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit 4.1.0 introduced the replacement of Next Protocol Negotiation (NPN) with Application Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) as its implementation for TLS. 
```
